hey guys it's Jessica with web ride
tv.com I'm here at the LA sub show to
are hanging out at the rockstar games
exhibit where as you can see we've got a
lot of people checking out the new game
now this new game is midnight club la
it's the latest edition in the midnight
club series which as you remember the
last edition sub edition was wildly
popular from the books of the new game
it promises to bring ten times more
excitement I think it's really good
graphics the gameplay is great I mean I
feel like I'm actually in LA when I'm
driving it the street scenes awesome
well this one is a Los Angeles yeah you
feel like you're at home
now in this new game not only do you
have the street racing that you've had
in the past and the amazing ability to
customize and trick out your ride you're
virtually going to be racing in real
time
everything's quick on the game no
waiting around what anything you want
something to start up right away you
want to wait continue a street racing
what more could a gamer watch
and while you're at it there should be
one more thing that you want to make
sure to do check out rockstar games
website WWE roster Gamescom backflesh
Midnight Club la that's very gonna find
all the details on how to win a super
tricked-out Saleen Mustang which is
featured in the game I would like that
yes I would love to win it you started
check it out you guys